=head1 NAME

Attean::API::BulkUpdatableModel - Role representing models that can perform bulk update operations

=head1 VERSION

This document describes Attean::API::BulkUpdatableModel version 0.001_01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use v5.14;
  use Attean;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a Moo role for L<Attean::API::MutableModel>s that can perform bulk
update operations.

Model-provided mutating methods (e.g. C<load_triples>, C<add_iter>, and
C<add_list>) are automatically wrapped in matching C<begin_bulk_updates> and
C<end_bulk_updates> calls.

Read-only model methods (e.g. C<get_quads>, C<get_bindings>, C<count_quads>,
C<get_graphs>, C<subject>, C<predicate>, C<object>, and C<graph>) are
automatically preceded by a C<end_bulk_updates> call.

=head1 REQUIRED METHODS

Classes consuming this role must provide the following methods:

=over 4

=item C<< begin_bulk_updates >>

Indicates that all subsequent updates (until a call to C<end_bulk_updates>)
should be performed in bulk.

=item C<< end_bulk_updates >>

Indicates that pending bulk updates should be performed. The model must allow
calls to this method, even when no matching call to C<begin_bulk_updates> was
made.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to through the GitHub web interface
at L<https://github.com/kasei/attean/issues>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<http://www.perlrdf.org/>

=head1 AUTHOR

Gregory Todd Williams  C<< <gwilliams@cpan.org> >>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2014 Gregory Todd Williams.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
