=head1 NAME

Attean::API::MutableModel - Role representing mutable models

=head1 VERSION

This document describes Attean::API::MutableModel version 0.001_01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use v5.14;
  use Attean;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a Moo role that mutable models consume. It defines the required methods
for updating data, and provides default functionality.

=head1 ROLES

This role consumes the L<Attean::API::Model> role.

=head1 REQUIRED METHODS

Classes consuming this role must provide the following methods:

=over 4

=item C<< add_quad( $quad ) >>

Adds the L<Attean::API::Quad> C<$quad> to the model.

=item C<< remove_quad( $quad ) >>

Removes the L<Attean::API::Quad> C<$quad> from the model.

=item C<< create_graph( $graph ) >>

Creates a new, empty graph in the model with the L<Attean::API::BlankOrIRI>
identifier C<$graph>. If the model does not support empty graphs, this
operation may be a no-op.

=item C<< drop_graph( $graph ) >>

Removes the graph in the model with the L<Attean::API::BlankOrIRI>
identifier C<$graph>.

=item C<< clear_graph( $graph ) >>

Removes all quads that belong to the graph in the model with the
L<Attean::API::BlankOrIRI> identifier C<$graph>. If the model does not support
empty graphs, this operation may be an alias for C<< drop_graph( $graph ) >>.

=back

=head1 METHODS

This role provides default implementations of the following methods:

=over 4

=item C<< load_triples( $format, $graph => $data ) >>

Parses the serialized triples contained in the string C<$data> using the
C<$format> parser (see L<Attean/get_parser>). Triples resulting from parsing
are turned into quads using the C<$graph> identifier, and added to the model.

=item C<< add_iter( $iter ) >>

Adds all the quads from the L<Attean::API::QuadIterator> C<$iter> to the model.

=item C<< add_list( $graph, @elements ) >>

Adds an rdf:List encoded list of C<@elements> to the model in the C<$graph>.
Returns the L<Attean::API::Blank> head of the list.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to through the GitHub web interface
at L<https://github.com/kasei/attean/issues>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<http://www.perlrdf.org/>

=head1 AUTHOR

Gregory Todd Williams  C<< <gwilliams@cpan.org> >>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2014 Gregory Todd Williams.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
